welcome to Charleston Court this is the
cathedral floor plan a one bedroom one
bath area townhome as you walk in there
are stairs that lead directly upstairs
to your main living space if you walk a
little further on this first level you
have extra storage below the stairs
through this door you'll find your
full-size washer dryer hookups along
with your utilities there are even some
extra shelves up above through the
second door it extends into your
attached single stall extra deep garage
there's plenty of storage and there's
even an automatic opener we'll head back
to the front door and we'll take a look
upstairs now on the second level you'll
find your large living room space with
large windows lots of natural sunlight
and here you have a large coat closet
right at the top of the stairs these
spacious one-bedroom homes have high
lofted ceilings there's a ceiling fan as
well and around the corner you'll find
your spacious dining room with room
enough for about a four to six person
table and chairs and a large sliding
glass door that allows for more natural
sunlight and leads out to your balcony
in the kitchen you'll find lots of
cabinet space and countertop space
full-size stove refrigerator dishwasher
and built-in microwave below the
cabinets these spacious townhomes are
all electric with water garbage snow and
lawn care all provided we'll take a look
upstairs at the loft now
upstairs you'll find your bedroom nice
high ceilings plenty of storage in two
single door closets vaulted ceilings in
here as well there's even this
pass-through window with a clear view of
the living room in the hallway next to
the bathroom you'll find a linen closet
in there there's actually a laundry
chute that leads all the way down to
where your full-size washer and dryer
hookups are located at in the bathroom
you'll find a full-size tub and shower
combination with sliding glass doors as
well as a large vanity for extra
bathroom storage these spacious
one-bedroom townhomes come in at
approximately 980 square feet total plus
an extra 310 on the lower level
château also has an on-site party room
with plenty of seating and a full
kitchen which can be rented out for
special occasions inquire about the
state of the art 24-hour fitness
facility available for residents there
is also an on-site outdoor pool on-site
basketball court as well as being just
across the street from Bethany Park
there's even an on-site volleyball court
to for residents the Chateau is in a
convenient location within walking
distance to westfield shopping and many
other restaurants and stores